What are you talking about?
The weasel thing at the construction site last time
It's not all your fault
Said no
It seems that everyone has a deep misunderstanding of me
I'm just being kind
You have to say it has nothing to do with you
Then why are you here this time?
Just humble
I'm not used to it, some people
Did something heinous
That's why I brought him here
What do you mean?
I'm sorry, brother.
It's all because of me that you are like this
I accept your pursuit
Don't do evil things again, okay?
What nonsense are you talking about?
First brother, you chased me for five years
I have never been sure of my relationship with you.
Instead, he was very close to Brother Chen
All you do
It's all about getting my attention
But you've already hurt so many people
Shooter, is that true?
Of course it's not true.
So far
You still won't tell the truth, will you?
Brother, please explain
How did you know that at Miss Qin's birthday party
Heart attack
How did you know that Miss Qin's father would be poisoned?
They even know how to treat it.
And Miss Yan's father
How would you know how to treat it?
Projects in the South
Why did you invite a feng shui master in advance?
Including the problem of this land
Why are you involved?
It seems that Master Su robbed women in order to be jealous
It's really carefully laid out
What do you mean?
The meaning is clear
Everything before and after
It's all about his young woman